---
section_id: callbacks
title: Callbacks
sub_title: Custom your own At.js
---

{%include spells.en.md %}

At.js modularizes data processing and rendering into a group of callbacks.
**If you want to handle the data by yourself, you can rewrite one or more callbacks**  
The callbacks are described as below. NOTICE their **calling sequence**.  
Read the <a href="http://coffeedoc.info/github/ichord/At.js/master/mixins/DEFAULT_CALLBACKS.html" target="_blank">Mixins</a> section of Technical Documentation for more details.  

<span class="label label-warning">NOTE</span> The following methods will be in accordance with the order they are called
{% highlight coffeescript %}
    
    # Coffeescript

    # It would be called to restrcture the data when At.js invoke `save_data` to save data
    # Often invoke it when reg a `flag`("@", etc).
    # In default, At.js will convert it to a Hash Array.
    #
    # @param data [Array] data to refacotor.
    #
    # @return [Array] Data after refactor.
    data_refactor: (data) ->

    # It would be called to match the `flag`
    #
    # @param flag [String] current `flag` ("@", etc)
    # @param subtext [String] Text from start to current caret position.
    #
    # @return [String] Matched string.
    matcher: (flag, subtext) ->

    # ---------------------

    # Filter data by matched string.
    #
    # @param query [String] Matched string.
    # @param data [Array] data list
    # @param search_key [String] key char for seaching.
    #
    # @return [Array] result data.
    filter: (query, data, search_key) ->

    # It function is given, At.js will invoke it if local filter can not find any data
    #
    # @param params [String] matched query
    # @param callback [Function] callback to render page.
    remote_filter: null
    # remote_filter: (query, callback) ->


    # Sorter data of course.
    #
    # @param query [String] matched string
    # @param items [Array] data that was refactored
    # @param search_key [String] key char to search
    #
    # @return [Array] sorted data
    sorter: (query, items, search_key) ->


    # Eval template for every single item in display list.
    #
    # @param tpl [String] The template string.
    # @param map [Hash] Data map to eval.
    tpl_eval: (tpl, map) ->


    # Hightlight the `matched query` string.
    #
    # @param li [String] HTML String after eval.
    # @param query [String] matched query.
    #
    # @return [String] hightlighted string.
    highlighter: (li, query) ->


    # What to do after use choose a item.
    #
    # @param $li [jQuery Object] Chosen item
    selector: ($li) ->


{% endhighlight %}

