---
section_id: settings
title: Settings 
sub_title: Default settings
---

{%include spells.en.md %}

<table class="table table-bordered table-striped">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Options</th>
      <th>Default</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>data</td>
      <td>null</td>
      <td>
        The source of (raw) data to get filtered. Can be either an <strong>array</strong> or a <strong>URL</strong>. <br/>
        Elements of the array must be plain objects or strings. At.js will transform strings into plain objects with field name `name`, e.g. <code>["ichord", "jobs"]</code>) will get transformed into <code>[{"name":"ichord"}, {"name":"jobs"}]</code>. <br/>
        If it's a URL, an Ajax request will be made to <strong>preload</strong> source of data. The data returned by the response **must be** an array of plain objects as well.<br/>
        More details in <a href="#examples">Examples</a>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>search_key</td>
      <td>name</td>
      <td>
        The field of object to get value from. The value will get tested against the {{spells_query}}. <br/>
        As the data source is always array of obejcts (after transformation or from Ajax response), e.g. <code>{"key": "ichord"}</code>, At.js will catch the {{spells_query}} and match the value from the <strong>key</strong>. <br/>
        **Note** as described in the `data` option, strings are transformed to obejcts with field `name`. So if you do not specify, the `search_key` is "name" by default.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>tpl</td>
      <td>
{% highlight html %}
<li data-value='${name}'>${name}</li>
{% endhighlight %}
      </td>
      <td>
        The template of {{spells_list_item}}. Notice that the value of <code>data-value</code> will be inserted into the inputor if the {{spells_list_item}} is selected.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>limit</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>
        Limit the number of items shown in {{spells_list}}.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
     <td>display_flag</td>
     <td>true</td>
     <td>
      Whether insert {{spells_keyword}} or not.
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>display_timeout</td>
   <td>300</td>
   <td>
    Set how long the {{spells_list}} will display after the inputor loses its focus (blurred, technically), used by <code>setTimeout</code> function, in millisecond.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>callbacks</td>
  <td><a href="#callbacks">DEFAULTS_CALLBACKS</a></td>
  <td>
    Custom callbacks list. <br/>
    User can replace some callback like <code>filter</code> to filter the data by the {{spells_query}}. <br/>
    More details in the <a href="#examples">Examples</a> section.
  </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
